Hello, freak bitches.
What's incredibly brave is that you deep into your
twenties have this revelation and
then have the courage to escape. And so I want to get back to that. Like,
what was your job? Like? What did, what was the first job you got?
Uh, so I didn't get a job immediately. I thought I had to,
I thought I have to be responsible. Like, of course I'm with my sister.
Like we had some money saved, just we lived at home.
We didn't have a lot of expenses. Like we,
we used our money to travel across the country picketing, but we still,
we still had some money.
[Inaudible] we got to get out there and people off.
Well, and it was, it was, I thought it was the greatest, like I thought, like,
it was always exciting. Like, oh, are you going on this pickup trip? Yeah,
I'm going to west.
Oh my God.
So it was just like a part of life you guys used to pick at Scientology.
Yeah. And we're doing it in Clearwater wants to super boring.
Like there was nobody out there.
You got to rank the pickets by like, I dunno,
George w Bush's second inauguration was like insane.
And then there's like Scientology.
Oh yeah. That was like post nine 11. It must've been really rough to.
Yeah. Especially we had a sign that said, thank God for nine 11. Oh.
God.
It. And it was like,
we were stationed like at the intersection of these three streets and they were
blocked off for the parade.
So like he finishes his inauguration speech and this like huge crowd of people,
like hundreds of that, whatever,
how many thousands of people like flood down this thing.
And then they're stuck in this,
in this intersection waiting to go right past us on this sidewalk.
And so there was like this, uh, new,
they're seeing this like thank God for nine 11.
And it was right after the tsunami too. Uh,
so my mom had a son was holding the thank God for the tsunamis or whatever.
And I'm like, so people are just enraged by the time they actually got to us.
So like, we're standing like right at the edge of these barricades, like,
so on the other side is the parade route. And so like, you know,
people were like jumping, like some guy jumped on my back, like on one another,
like stealing signs and like jumped on your back. Yeah. Like,
so I'm li I was like leaning over the barricade. So he couldn't steal my signs.
Sorry. I'm not getting away from the mic. And, uh,
so like one of my cousins actually like gave his signs to another church member
and then it was like standing on top of a trashcan, like going, come on,
you guys, like, just, just don't worry about them. They're not worth it.
They're not worth it. Like with my cousin who was, you know,
just because it was so it got so physical, like, you know,
people and like the cops.
Like saying you guys aren't worth it. He was.
Trying to yeah. Pretending he was.
Yeah, exactly.
Oh, wow. Yeah. So that one got pretty, yeah, pretty got pretty dicey,
but get violent.
The guy who jumped on your back, like, what did he do?
So I will, I'm holding my signs. And I'm like,
like I talked to myself into this barricade. So like,
there's nothing else he can do. So he and there was like, there was,
I should also say there were cops just on the other side of the barricade,
just like, like every five feet. There was a cop, I think there was.
So there was like maybe 14,000 cops in DC that day.
Cause it talks first migration after nine 11. So anyway, but so I mean the,
and the cops were mostly just standing there.
Like I look over the guy gets off and um, like my,
my brother is standing next to me. Who's seven or eight, eight years.
So he would have been like early twenties and uh, um, this,
I see. And when he jumped over the barricade,
because the way people were coming after us and this cop like pulls out a, uh,
you know, club to in and making us get back over the bar,
like jump back over on the other side, like with these people who are,
and not really doing anything, but it, it.
But did you expect the cops to risk their lives?
Even though you're obviously provoking people? I mean,
you're obviously putting yourself in a situation where you're saying something
incredibly insulting and just devastating to all these people that lost
friends or loved ones on nine 11 or in the tsunami or,
or have family members that are gay. I mean,
did you guys really expect the cops are going to take the beating for you or the
cops are going to get involved?
Oh, for sure. I mean, we thought that he was like, it's their job.
Right? They didn't, you would never do what you did then. Right? Like what if,
what if someone passed some sort of a law saying, listen,
you guys know what you're in for.
We have no desire to help you there'll be no police presence.
Would you still protest? Well.
We did that. And that's something that some cops did respond.
That way. Did they say like, there'll be no police presence whatsoever?
Where was that at? I can't remember it, but it happened more than once. Yeah,
for sure. And like, sometimes the cops would, we'd say,
we're going to come to protest this, you know, something. And they would say,
you know, you can come,
but you can't hold that sign or you can't tell you step on the flag or whatever.
Sometimes they tell us in advance. Sometimes they would wait until we got there.
And step on the flag.
Yeah. Like we desecrating the flag was a big, we saw it as an idol and you know,
the American flags and I don't actually, my mom got arrested. I had a,
we were in Nebraska and, um, uh, my little brother,
we were protesting a soldier's funeral.
And we were like far away from the church. Um,
but there was a group of people on the other side of the street and they were
all holding American flags all the way from, from the road all the way up this,
you know, the long entry to the, to the church, we were quite far away. And, uh,
my brother was nine years old at the time. And he did what he always did,
which was, uh, you know, put down,
lay the American flag on the ground and stand on top of it and hold a picket
sign. And within like a couple of minutes, uh, like nine cops showed up,
uh, and started talking about arresting my mother, uh,
for flag mutilation and contributing to the delinquency of a minor. And,
uh, so before they do the arrest, you know, again,
my mom and my uncle were both there and they are both lawyers.
And my uncle is like, uh, you know, Johnson vs Texas,
the Supreme court said in that case that, uh, you can even, you can utilize it.
Not only can you mutilate a flag, you can even burn it. And, uh,
and that's perfectly lawful. And one of the cops was like, we're not in Texas,
we're in Nebraska. So like, this is obviously a Supreme court case. So it's,
and he said, Supreme court has jurisdiction all over the country.
So in other words, I guess what I'm saying is like the,
the way that sometimes the, they did,
sometimes there were really good cops who did their job more super professional,
and didn't let their beliefs about our religious beliefs or their,
what they thought about our message get in the way of them doing their job.
But sometimes they did, sometimes they would threaten to arrest, you know, my,
our parents, if they brought children,
they would take their children away from them. You know, things like that. But,
but we absolutely expected them to do their jobs like that. That was,
and this is the Supreme court.
I mean, I know you're not justifying it,
but it's from the point of view of something like me, uh,
someone like me, I, I would say, don't bring any cops there. No, if you,
if you start that kind of at a funeral or for a soldier and a bunch of people
come by and beat your, well,
then don't do that again because you're people off and you're hurting their
feelings and you're dealing with someone who's already emotionally scarred.
Those cops need to be out there stopping robberies and, you know,
breaking and enterings into people's houses and carjackings.
And that's what they're supposed to be doing.
They're not supposed to be like helping out people who are intentionally
provoking and emotionally disturbing people.
But I mean, so obviously from the church's perspective, it's like this it's,
these are sincerely held religious beliefs and the first amendment,
like what good is the first amendment like this, obviously this stuff.
But it's not a first amendment issue.
Like the F because it's no one in an official position is saying you cannot
speak.
Well. So compare that to like the campus what's going on on these campuses.
Right?
Where do you think that the cops shouldn't be there to protect those people
there they're provoking people and making them angry?
Well, it's a different sort of a scenario. Um,
I think the cops should definitely be there to prevent violence on campus for
several reasons. One reason, because I think you're dealing with very young,
very impressionable people who make very poor choices and feel justified
because they're around a bunch of people that also have like-minded ideas,
a lot of peer pressure, a lot of, um,
diffusion of responsibility that comes from these mass groups of people that are
acting and the mob mentality that comes along with that.
I think it's very, very important to protect them from themselves.
And it's a hot button issue.
I think protesting at a soldier's funeral is just gross.
I agree with you. I mean, I know you do. I know you do. I mean,
but I'm just saying, like,
I don't think the cops have a responsibility to save you from being gross.
Yeah. I just, I don't know. I mean, obviously this was a Supreme court case.
It became a, did you know that, that it, this,
there was a case where we were sued by the church.
And I do remember that and how that play out.
Uh, it, it went on the first, they,
they want a $10.9 million verdict against us at the trial court.
And then it was reversed at the appeals court.
And the Supreme court said eight to one. They have,
it's the constitutional right for them to do this.
This is their religious beliefs. They have a right. They, especially because,
I mean, sometimes I will say it,
like I described to you that very first picket soldier's funeral picket that I
went to, like that was very close quarters. You know,
we were right up on top of them. Like if we had chosen to sing or you know,
that, you know, they would have heard us. But in a lot of instances,
we were way far, far away, like in that,
in the instance that went to Supreme court,
they were more than a thousand feet away.
There was like a hill that the family didn't see church members, you know,
things like that. It, there was, um, so I mean,
they have a right to do it.
Who has a right.
Well, the, the church, I mean, right.
Okay. They have a right to decide,
to say horrible things about someone who just died or someone who lost a son or
a daughter in war.
Yeah. I think obviously I, I don't, I think it's terrible that they do do it.
And that was actually one of the things, you know, before my sister and I left,
that was one of the,
I wasn't going to hold a sign that I didn't believe was true.
And I wasn't gonna go to any more funeral protests.
Do you think that the police should, I mean, they're,
they're operating on tax dollars and it's a limited amount of resources.
I mean, we're taxpayers, right? I mean, sure.
You are, but do you think that the resources should go to that? Right. I know.
I know. But do you think that really the cops that's the,
an intelligent and adequate and fair use of resources to go and protect a
bunch of troublemakers?
So it depends on what, how do you, how do you feel about the first amendment?
Like at the it's it's, it's the principle of the thing,
rather than the applications, like this is just one application, like, so, so.
Who's to decide exactly. That's, that's.
The whole idea, like, so who,
what we have not entrusted our government to decide what opinions are acceptable
and what aren't. So they, they don't, they don't get to have.
Right. But it seems like you're organizing this.
So if you're organizing this sort of a antagonistic display where you know,
you're going to hurt someone's feelings in a very dangerous time, right.
Don't you think you should hire your own security? Like,
why should the police have to be there to secure you?
Because, because this it's the law, like they, they are supposed to, you know,
protect like the, again, what, what good are so first amendment rights, right?
Like to be able to, to say, it's, it doesn't protect popular speech, right.
Because public speeches need protection, unpopular speech needs protection.
So it's just, again, it's, the police.
Are really there to enforce laws where the law.
Is. You don't get to punch somebody.
Right. If you know.
Okay. So for instance, like go just back to the campus thing for a second,
right? You have these people who have announced,
we're going to go protest this person. We're not going to let them speak.
Even though they've been granted permission by the, you know,
everybody like that, they're going, they should be able to speak. Right.
We're not gonna let them speak because we don't like their message.
So if the cops know that that's going to happen, like, so, so what happens,
like I'm just trying to.
Let them shut it down.
Um, but I'm saying, I think that's wrong. I think they, they should be able,
they should go. And like, so this is what they veto is what it's called. Right.
I think in, in, in like the cops, can't say, well,
obviously this is still back to like, it's not, if the cops say,
well, you can't speak because you're likely to cause a riot or people to,
you know, some, some kind of disturbance,
like they're not allowed to do that based on like, if it's just,
this is religious opinion, we weren't saying, we want you to hurt us.
We're not trying to provoke you to hurt us.
We're trying to deliver this message that we think is the truth of God. Right?
So it wasn't,
there's a difference between like deliberately provoking and inciting violence,
like deliberately inciting violence and what we were doing, which was, you know,
trying to proclaim this message that we thought was the truth,
our goal wasn't violence. Like we didn't want violence.
That's why we contacted the cops. Right. We weren't going to attack them. And,
and we didn't want to be attacked.
We just wanted to be able to exercise our rights without fear of,
without fear of violence. That's, that's the principles of,
of our democracy.
All right. Um, so I see what you're saying. And I think that it's, it's,
it gets a little weird when we're talking about people giving speeches on campus
and then having other people's shut down those speeches.
Because I think that the people who are protesting have as much, right.
Especially if it's in their school, they have as much right.
To voice their concern for this message as the person does distribute that
message. And if the police come along and say,
we're going to shut down the distribution of this message.
Most of the time they do it when things are out of hand.
So an excellent tool for someone who's trying to silence people is to make sure
that things get out of hand. I mean, that's.
So that having the cops present, like,
and letting both sides have their voices without the ability to resort to
violence. So this is the whole idea,
like we would in these letters that would go out to the cops.
Was that the idea of having a buffer zone? Like, yes, we're going to,
we want to proclaim our message. We want you to be out there too. Like we loved.
And honestly we loved it when counter protesters were there because it just
brought more attention to our message was.
I understand that. But I just think that you shouldn't,
obviously it's not you anymore, but I just do not think that anybody,
especially from an offensive group,
like that should be able to allocate resources that are public use. Like police.
We obviously, we didn't make the decision, obviously.
Like we didn't make the decision to, for them to like, they decide like, okay,
well, is this likely going to like,
so they can either be proactive and set the buffer zone or be reactive.
Like we're calling the cops because we're getting punched or whatever.
And cause like, they're going to go out no matter what it was a, we, we,
when even when they would say, we're not going to protect you where we would go.
Right. I mean, there were obviously, there were rare situations where, uh,
so for instance, like, uh, when Gabby Giffords was shot in Arizona, uh,
we had a couple of, um, an FBI agent actually,
and a guy from the local police department come and say like, you shouldn't go.
And cause there was a nine year old girl who had been killed and the church said
they were going to protest her funeral. Oh Jesus. And uh, so they said,
I don't think we can protect you like this it's too volatile. It's too. Uh,
and so in that case we didn't act, we actually didn't go.
That's kind of a chicken show response.
Actually. I was going to say like, so the thing is,
so I was there during this conversation and my heart,
my mom was explaining that we weren't gonna go, um,
it actually had more to do with logistics.
Like we couldn't get there like plane tickets and whatever.
Like we just couldn't get there. So it was like, okay, like, that's fine.
Like I hear you.
It's so reasonable.
It's so fascinating to talk to you because you're such an intelligent,
reasonable person.
It's almost impossible for me to imagine until I see like the
little bit of resistance to the idea of this
being a first amendment issue and the police there,
then you kind of go back to the church. I could see it boil up inside of you.
Well, it's just like we were talking about this a little bit ago.
I mean just the whole, the importance of discourse in the marketplace of ideas.
This is one like, like again, I, I,
I just think it's so important and I think it's important, you know,
because obviously my own personal experience makes me such a believer
in.
Well,
you've gone a journey through free speech that most people never experience free
speech that you don't even agree with anymore. Right. Yeah.
Which is even more crazy.